Rewrite the PivotGrid - Simple Array demo description (#1042)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/PivotGrid/SimpleArray/description.md

> You can use the PivotGrid component to display and edit data from an array of objects. Use the [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/#dataSource) property to bind the PivotGrid to data. The [store](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/Configuration/store/) property of the **dataSource** specifies the bound array.

Reviewer: > and edit data

I believe editing isn't supported.

> Use the [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/#dataSource) property to bind the PivotGrid to data.

We should give the reader a bit more insight. For example, the dataSource property configures the PivotGridDataSource component under the hood but this isn't mentioned.

> The [store](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/Configuration/store/) property of the **dataSource** specifies the bound array.

I would use imperative mood here: "Assign your array to the dataSource.store property."

> Use the [fields[]](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/) property to specify fields to be displayed as pivot grid cells. This property accepts an array of objects whose fields contain cell settings depending on the cell [area](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#area). Most cell types require that you specify the [dataField](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#dataField) property to specify which field provides data for a cell.

Reviewer: The paragraph lost my attention at the second sentence. Try to simplify.

Also, you're talking about cells but I don't think that you use correct terminology. There are *pivot grid fields* that get data from *data fields*. Pivot grid fields can be placed into *areas*, in which case field values are displayed. Field values from the column and row areas are displayed in *column and row headers*. Field values from the data area are called *summary values*.

The PivotGrid terminology may be confusing indeed. I can only suggest reading the [fields](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/) API reference straight through to better understand what's what.

> The PivotGrid component can display data from an array of objects. Use the [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/#dataSource) property to bind the PivotGrid to data. This property accepts a [PivotGridDataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/) instance or its configuration object. Assign your array to this object's [store](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/store/) property.

Reviewer 2: > The PivotGrid component can display data **from an array of objects**.

What does it mean? Can I use any objects as data sources? Can I create custom data sources? Are there any requirements for this? Consequent sentences clarify this for a certain degree but not quite.

> Use the [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/#dataSource) property to bind the PivotGrid to data.

OK. No questions here. However...

> This property accepts a [PivotGridDataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/) instance or **its configuration object**.

What type the mentioned "configuration object" has? Does it stem from the same root (base class) as `PivotGridDataSource`? What if I need both the data source and its configuration object? Should I assign the data source to the mentioned property first and the configuration object second?

> Assign your array to this object's [store](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/store/) property.

OK. This sentence clearly has close ties with the first sentence in this paragraph. However, this does not make it easier to understand the connection between "an array of objects" and `PivotGridDataSource`. Do they complement each other or do they serve as alternative options? If the former is correct, then how do they interact with each other?

Author: Hello. Seems like technologies you work every day with have much more strict typing than JavaScript. This causes most of the questions. Let's start from the very beginning:

>What does it mean? Can I use any objects as data sources? Can I create custom data sources? Are there any requirements for this? Consequent sentences clarify this for a certain degree but not quite.

This demo is completely dedicated to a simple array of objects. Yes, you can have any number of fields of any types in these objects since you specify the required fields in the fields[] array as we say below. Not sure that there are any strict requirements or limitations. You just pass data and take the fields you need.

>What type the mentioned "configuration object" has? 

Sorry, let's start from the basics. Most components require that you assign a [DataSource ](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/) instance to the [dataSource ](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#dataSource) property. DataSource is the object itself, but you can get it from the function or a variable. This is the reason why we distinguish DataSource and its configuration object.

>Does it stem from the same root (base class) as PivotGridDataSource? What if I need both the data source and its configuration object?

As I said before, DataSource (and PivotGridDataSource) is an object. You can check its possible structure here: https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/. 

>Should I assign the data source to the mentioned property first and the configuration object second?

I hope that I answered this question in the previous paragraphs. If not, please pm me in teams.

>OK. This sentence clearly has close ties with the first sentence in this paragraph. However, this does not make it easier to understand the connection between "an array of objects" and PivotGridDataSource. Do they complement each other or do they serve as alternative options? If the former is correct, then how do they interact with each other?

The data source's structure is the following:
you have an array of objects (let's take the one from the data.js [in this demo](https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/PivotGrid/SimpleArray/jQuery/Light/) that is called 'sales`). 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/33040934/125633714-11fa6665-ca6f-4a0e-8454-bba17c72a0b9.png)
You should assign it to the `store` field of the PivotGrid's dataSource object:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/33040934/125633816-42832f52-9191-4d51-b92b-cc391147bbec.png)
Now you have the data and can display it. To modify it in some ways (set the required fields, filter, delete...), use the configuration properties described in the [PivotGridDataSource ](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/) section.

Reviewer 2: > Hello. Seems like technologies you work every day with have much more strict typing than JavaScript.

Hello. Yes, you are absolutley right. JavaScript indeed seems like a completely alien world to me. Therefore, you've recieved a review from a perfect stanger, be that good or bad. However, if we speak of an array of objects, would an array of integers comply to this definition, for example? Normally, I would expect that if I assign something else to a property rather than that would be expected, I'll get an error, an exception, or undefined behavior, at the very least. That's why my question about limitations and requirements is natural, from my point of view.

> Most components require that you assign a DataSource instance to the dataSource property. DataSource is the object itself, but you can get it from the function or a variable.

Yes, I get this, A function or variable can return a data source instance that you can assign to a property but... What does it have to do with a configuration object? How should I define it? To which property should I assign it? Again, I apologize if this is something very obvious to your customers. I only see only something weird and unintelligible.

Can I use a data source's property to access the configuration object? Is it a sort of the data source's property set?

Reviewer 2: **A summary from our personal discussion:**

The mentioned pivot grid data source and configuration object are two different ways to define a data source. The data source instance is an abstract object that can work with data in any form, including an array of abstract objects.

The goal here is to create a holistic perception of the data source functionality in text. In its current shape, the text describes the mentioned data array, pivot grid data source, and configuration objects as things that have absolutely nothing in common. For instance, you need to mention that the `store` property belongs to the pivot grid data source.

> To display data in the PivotGrid, assign an array to the [fields[]](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/) property. Each object in this array configures a single pivot grid field. Set the [dataField](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#dataField) property to populate the pivot grid field with data.

Reviewer 2: > To display data in the PivotGrid, **assign an array** to the [fields[]](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/) property.

Which array I should assign? Is it the same array mentioned in the previous paragraph? Does this array have certain requirements or limitations?

> Each object in this array **configures a single pivot grid field**.

OK. But how exactly? I still don't see a link to the array element type.

> Set the [dataField](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#dataField) property to populate the pivot grid field with data.

What should I assign to the `dataField` property?

Reviewer 2: **A summary from our personal discussion:**

Write this:
> Assign a field name to the `DataField` property to populate the pivot grid field with data.

Instead of
> Set the `dataField` property  to populate the pivot grid field with data.

> Fields can belong to four different areas: row, column, filter, and data. To specify the area, set the [area](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#area) property. Fields that do not belong to any area are displayed in the [field chooser](https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/PivotGrid/IntegratedFieldChooser/).

Reviewer 2: > Fields can belong to four different areas: row, column, filter, and data.

Do these areas serve as parts of the PivotGrid component?

> To specify the area, set the [area](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#area) property.

Can I distribute fields between the target areas or do I have to bind fields from the same source to one specific area? This is not quite clear.

Reviewer 2: **A summary from our personal discussion:**

Write this:
> You can distribute fields between four different areas: row, column, filter, and data.

Instead of
> Fields can belong to four different areas: row, column, filter, and data.

> You can use the PivotGrid component to display data from an array of objects. Use the [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/#dataSource) property to bind the PivotGrid to data. This property uses the [PivotGridDataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/) component under the hood to process data. Assign your array to the **dataSource**.[store](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/Configuration/store/) property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PivotGrid component can display data from an array of objects. Use the [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/#dataSource) property to bind the PivotGrid to data. This property accepts a [PivotGridDataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/) instance or its configuration object. Assign your array to this object's [store](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/store/) property.
```

> Use the [fields[]](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/) property to configure pivot grid cells. This property accepts an array of objects whose fields contain cell settings. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To display data in the PivotGrid, assign an array to the [fields[]](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/) property. Each object in this array configures a single pivot grid field. Set the [dataField](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#dataField) property to populate the pivot grid field with data.
```

> The cells can belong to different [areas](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#area). Most cell types require that you also use the [dataField](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#dataField) property to specify which data source field provides data for a cell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fields can belong to four different areas: row, column, filter, and data. To specify the area, set the [area](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#area) property. Fields that do not belong to any area are displayed in the [field chooser](https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/PivotGrid/IntegratedFieldChooser/).
```

> In this demo, the `Region` and `City` fields are in the same *"row"* area. We use the [selector](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#selector) function to group these field values. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> For more information on the fields and areas, refer to the following article: [Fields and Areas](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/PivotGrid/Fields_and_Areas/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on fields and areas, refer to the following article: [Fields and Areas](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/PivotGrid/Fields_and_Areas/).
```
